admin@dobermannvereniging.nl  jamie.cotton@wanadoo.nl    
doberman@dobermannvereniging.nl  wendy.annijas@wanadoo.nl    
dobermann@dobermannvereniging.nl  wendy.annijas@wanadoo.nl    
esther.vandoorn@dobermannvereniging.nl  esther.vd@tiscali.nl    
evandoorn@dobermannvereniging.nl  esther.vd@tiscali.nl    
han.vanderzwan@dobermannvereniging.nl  vanzwan@worldonline.nl    
hans.theunissen@dobermannvereniging.nl  hanstheu@tiscali.nl    
htheunissen@dobermannvereniging.nl  hanstheu@tiscali.nl    
hvanderzwan@dobermannvereniging.nl  vanzwan@worldonline.nl    
info@hazeldonk.dobermannvereniging.nl  info@lesdeuxpeupliers.nl    
jhavik@dobermannvereniging.nl  tj.havik@chello.nl    
joke.havik@dobermannvereniging.nl  tj.havik@chello.nl    
leden.admin@dobermannvereniging.nl  tanja@vanderaart.nl    
margreet.veenstra@dobermannvereniging.nl  quno@quno.nl    
marjan.verhoef@dobermannvereniging.nl  geena@middel.com    
mveenstra@dobermannvereniging.nl  quno@quno.nl    
mverhoef@dobermannvereniging.nl  geena@middel.com    
rbrinkman@dobermannvereniging.nl  dobrob@tiscali.nl    
redactie@dobermannvereniging.nl  van.der.bruggen@planet.nl    
rob.brinkman@dobermannvereniging.nl  dobrob@tiscali.nl    
stamboomadministrator@dobermannvereniging.nl  jamie.cotton@wanadoo.nl    
tanja.vanderaart@dobermannvereniging.nl  tanja@vanderaart.nl    
tjhavik@dobermannvereniging.nl  tj.havik@chello.nl    
tvanderaart@dobermannvereniging.nl  tanja@vanderaart.nl    
webmaster@dobermannvereniging.nl  wendy.annijas@wanadoo.nl    
webmaster@hazeldonk.dobermannvereniging.nl  info@lesdeuxpeupliers.nl    
webmaster@west-friesland.dobermannvereniging.nl  j.krijnen@chello.nl    
webmaster@zaanstreek.dobermannvereniging.nl  kringgroepzaanstreek@wanadoo.nl    
wendy.annijas@dobermannvereniging.nl  wendy.annijas@wanadoo.nl    
zaanstreek@dobermannvereniging.nl  kringgroepzaanstreek@wanadoo.nl    
